[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
a sudden attack
from the Demon King Dabura
caught our heroes unaware,
and left Krillin and
Piccolo turned to stone.
In order to return
them to normal,
Goku and the others had
no choice but to follow
the Demon King into
the depths of Babidi's ship.
[PUIPUI] Between you
and the bottom floor
where Babidi's waiting
are a number of stages
you'll have to pass through.
Each one more harrowing
than the one above.
Naturally enough,
this is the first stage;
but don't let
the designation fool you.
[NARRATOR] Can our heroes
survive the dangers below
and reach Babidi and Dabura in
the heart of the wizard's lair?
The first test
comes in Stage One!
Vegeta's battle begins--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[laughs intensely]
Now die!
Eh?!
[grunts]
Heh. You're stronger
than you look.
Still, not nearly strong enough!
[yells]
[PUIPUI groans]
See? I told you
not to worry.
Vegeta's doing just fine
by himself, wouldn't you say?
[PUIPUI groans]
[grunts]
[PUIPUI growls]
Ah!
[VEGETA]
Looking for something?
[PUIPUI groans]
[SUPREME KAI]
Unreal!
Yeah, no kidding.
Vegeta's moves
are sharper than ever.
Well, seven years
of constant training
will do that for you.
[BABIDI] That fool! What does
PuiPui think he's doing?
He hasn't landed so much
as a single punch!
The whole point is to
inflict damage in order to
collect energy for Majin Buu!
Yes. And he soon will.
Thus far, he's merely been
toying with his prey.
Now then. Let's end this.
[PUIPUI]
What?
[DABURA, BABIDI]
Ah...
[grunts]
New plan! Quick!
Name a place where PuiPui
would fight at his best.
Perhaps his homeworld,
the Planet Zun.
Ahh. Then Zun it is.
Oooh... Nhhh...
Papparapapa!
[gasps]
[GOKU gasps]
Whoa. This is new.
What happened to
the walls? They're gone.
It's Babidi's magic.
He's transported
the interior of the room.
No doubt to a place that
gives his man an advantage.
Well, I guess that's only fair.
Did you hear me?
It's decidedly unfair!
Yeah? To who?
[SUPREME KAI]
Uh.
[laughs]
Like the view?
Don't get too used to it;
you won't be here long.
This is Planet Zun.
I was born on this
miserable rock.
I feel right at home
here in the ten-times gravity.
Think you can still keep up?
[laughs]
[VEGETA] If it were
a thousand times gravity,
you might have actually slowed
me down, but a paltry ten?
I can barely even feel it.
A-heh. Heh. Then why
aren't you moving?
You're bluffing!
One way to find out.
Come at me.
Gladly!
[yells]
[groans]
Huh?!
What's the verdict?
Still think I'm bluffing?
[growls]
Damn you!
[yells]
[PUIPUI]
Aah!
[chuckles]
[PUIPUI yells]
[VEGETA bellows]
[gasps]
You did it!
Pathetic. Just my luck to draw
such a worthless opponent.
[GOKU] All right. Looks like
we've got the go ahead!
So let's see what they've
set-up for us in Stage Two!
[GOHAN] Almost feels like we're
on a game show, doesn't it?
[VEGETA] Hmph.
Lame show, more like it.
[GOKU] Hey! Supreme Kai!
You're still coming, right?
They're actually...
enjoying this!
[snarls]
[GOKU]
Huh. How 'bout that.
It's a big empty room
exactly like the last one.
Yeah, but they could
change the location
with magic again,
so be ready for anything!
[BABIDI growls]
I thought there wasn't
supposed to be
anyone this strong on Earth!
I assure you, when we
investigated this world
three hundred years ago, no one
of this caliber existed.
[grunts]
Curses!
[DABURA] They may be powerful,
but there's no cause for alarm.
They have three more stages
to clear before they reach us.
And even if
they should succeed,
they will still have me
to contend with.
[laughs]
[GOKU]
Okay, looks like I'm on deck.
So, who do you think's
gonna come through that door?
I hope they found someone
stronger than the last guy.
[BABIDI laughs]
[DABURA] Master, which fighter
have you selected
to defend Stage Two?
Send Yakon.
What? Surely there's no need
to involve that beast so soon?
I've made the mistake
of underestimating
these earthlings
once already. Not again.
This time, I'm sending out
a fighter who I'm certain
will gather the energy we need.
Of course. Hm!
My only concern is that
Yakon will crush
these three so completely,
there won't be any left
for me to enjoy.
[BABIDI] Funny, last I checked,
we're here to revive Majin Buu
and avenge my father,
not show you a good time.
[DABURA] As always,
you are correct, Master.
You! You heard the order.
Fetch Yakon!
Sir!
[beep]
Yakon!
[YAKON growls]
[UNDERLING 18B yells]
[UNDERLING 18B screams]
[UNDERLING 18A yells]
[grunts]
[screams]
[throaty exhales]
[BABIDI]
Yakon!
[YAKON]
Hm?
[BABIDI] I've prepared
a fresh feast for you.
It's waiting in Stage Two!
Go eat as much as you like!
Yes. Yes, Babidi.
[growls]
Hey! I'm ready!
Let's do this thing!
This waiting around
is pointless,
we could blast our way
down right now.
No! I told you!
The sudden jolt to the ship
could free Majin Buu!
Even if he's not
at full power,
the results would still
be disastrous!
Hmph. You've exaggerated
every threat we've faced
since we got here,
starting with that "Dabura."
So, why should this one
be any different?
What? You've already
witnessed Dabura's power.
What about Kibito!
Yes, I saw plenty.
And I find this
so-called "Demon King"
you fear so much unimpressive.
Judging by the way he moved
and the level of his attacks,
as long as we can avoid
his dangerous loogies,
he's nothing we can't handle.
Your man Kibito
was careless, that's all.
[gasps]
You share this opinion, Goku?
Yeah. I guess I'd put Dabura
on the same level as Cell.
He was that evil android that
we fought seven years ago.
He was tough, but we still
managed to defeat him,
and we're all a lot
stronger now, y'know?
[SUPREME KAI]
Unbelievable.
Is it possible that these
Saiyans really are that strong?
I know it was extremely
difficult to restrain
Gohan's movements
during the tournament
after he'd taken
his Super Saiyan form.
Could it be that wasn't
even his full power?
Hey! What's taking so long?
Let's go! Are you
coming out or not?
[electric motor hums]
[GOKU] Huh?
[YAKON growls]
[GOKU]
Ooh.
[YAKON growls]
Aah! What the heck is that?
[growls]
No, it can't be!
You see?
Didn't I tell you, Yakon?
Now feast away--
finish them off!
[laughs]
[YAKON growns]
[gasps]
Wow. Looks like
you drew a real ugly one.
[chuckles]
Let us begin.
Who's ready to be eaten?
Can I pick a new opponent?
You're big n'all, but you seem
like you're awfully slow.
[YAKON]
Mmm?!
Your father should
not treat this so casually.
I know this creature!
Oh yeah? Who is he?
Yakon, the legendary
space beast,
one of the most feared
monsters in the universe!
This will not be an easy fight.
[VEGETA huffs]
[BABIDI laughs]
That's it, Yakon!
Now steal their energy--
every last bit!
Mmm, yes. Majin Buu
will be revived in no time!
[DABURA, BABIDI laugh]
[YAKON laughs]
[GOKU chuckles]
[YAKON grunts]
Huh? Aah!
That was close!
[laughs]
Wow. He's a lot faster
than he looks.
I warned you
about this, didn't I?
Goku is far outmatched!
Huh? No.
Dad's fine; he's totally got
this thing under control.
Just wait, you'll see.
Wait and see?
[YAKON chuckles]
Lucky dodge!
But... your luck
won't save you for long.
Whoa. I wasn't
expecting those claws.
I guess I'll have to be
a little more careful.
[laughs]
Look at him! He's afraid!
Let's see if we can graduate
him to full-blown terror!
Listen to me, Yakon!
You're performing beautifully!
Leave the Supreme Kai
alone for now,
but you may devour
the other three!
Just be sure to chew slowly.
To grind every last bit
of energy out of them
for Majin Buu!
And since I know
how you love the dark,
I'll even transport you
to Planet Ankoku,
so that you can enjoy your meal
without all these pesky lights.
[YAKON chuckles]
Very devious, Master,
but I doubt Yakon
requires such an advantage
in order to defeat
these Earthlings.
No. But I think it's best
to err on the side of caution.
Plus, if they start
playing rough,
we don't want them
rattling the ship
and waking Majin Buu
prematurely, now do we?
After we've all this trouble,
it would be a shame
if he emerged
at less than full power.
[chuckles]
Indeed.
So then, off they go!
[yells]
Papparapapa!
[BOTH gasp]
[YAKON laughs]
[GOKU] Did Babidi
just move us again?
Man. It's totally pitch black.
I can't see a thing!
[YAKON grunts]
[laughs]
Planet Ankoku!
The world of darkness!
You can't see me,
but I can see you!
You're scratching your head
right now, aren't you?
What the--?
[GOHAN]
Planet Ankoku?
[SUPREME KAI]
Yakon's homeworld.
It lies at the distant edge
of the universe,
where no light can reach it,
thus "the world of darkness."
Aaah...
[YAKON] Enough waiting!
It is time to eat!
[YAKON growls]
Where'd you go?
Eat this!
[YAKON grunts]
[groans]
Can either of you tell me
what's going on out there?
Why? Can you not?
[YAKON yells]
[YAKON groans]
Impossible. You can see?
No, but then again,
I don't really need to.
It's not all that hard
to sense your movements
from the vibrations in the air.
And it's definitely
not hard to smell you.
[gasps]
[GOKU] Of course, if I
really did want to see you...
...that's easy.
[yells]
[YAKON]
Uhh...
[BABIDI] What is this?
What's he doing?
He's changing!
His hair--everything!
So he glows. It's merely
a worthless trick.
You! Go now and fetch me
an energy meter!
The biggest one
you can find! Quickly!
Sir!
Hm!
There he goes.
Pretty impressive, huh?
Sorry, but dark
doesn't scare me.
I bring my own light
with me, wherever I go.
[chuckles]
That's good!
I always enjoy eating a
light snack before my meal!
'Kay. That's not the
reaction I was expecting.
[UNDERLING 18C]
Master Babidi!
[BABIDI] Huh?!
Three thousand kilis?
How can any Earthling
generate 3,000 kilis of energy?
It can't be.
With 300 kilis it's possible
to destroy a planet.
Three thousand?
I'm telling you a human
with that kind of power
does not exist.
[BABIDI] The meter
must be broken, right?
But what if it's actually
functioning properly?
What then?
Yakon only rates 800 kilis.
He won't stand
a chance against 3,000!
[YAKON laughs]
Delicious.
[growls]
Is he--? No way. Impossible!
[bellows]
[YAKON continues]
Uh! What the--? Huh.
What happened?
Dad changed back
from being a Super Saiyan?
Yes. Though it seems
the choice wasn't entirely his.
Yummy! Thank you!
That was the most brilliant
meal I've ever eaten!
Eaten?
If Yakon is a creature
that feeds on light energy,
then Goku's Super Saiyan aura--
he would likely find that
a most nourishing meal, indeed!
Hey, listen! Dad!
Don't go Super Saiyan
again, okay?
This thing eats light.
You're only going
to make him stronger!
[GOKU]
Huh?
[laughs]
Oh, don't mind them.
Go on, light yourself up!
I could feast on that delicious
golden energy all day long!
Really? He's that hungry, huh?
[burps]
Huh.
All right! Just remember,
you asked for it!
What?
Here goes!
What in the blazes
is Kakarot up to now?
Dad! Seriously,
don't go Super Saiyan again!
Let's fight him together
so we don't have to transform!
No, son. You guys stand clear.
This fight's mine.
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Perfect! Don't hold back!
I want it all!
Everything you've got!
No! Now he's just
being foolish!
Why transform again
when he knows the light
will only make Yakon stronger?
We have to put a stop
to this at once!
I'd like to see you try.
Kakarot is a lot of things,
but he is not a fool.
He knows what he's doing.
[growls]
[YAKON bellows]
[GOKU]
No!
[YAKON continues]
[BABIDI]
Bah! Yakon, you dolt!
What good does it do us
if you suck up
all of the energy for yourself!
If you don't inflict
any actual damage,
we can't send
the energy to Majin Buu!
This is a total waste!
[YAKON bellows]
[GOKU grunts]
[YAKON groans]
[GOKU yells]
[YAKON yells]
What? What just happened?
Dad won. That's what.
Curse you, Kakarot.
Aaah!
Impossible.
[GOKU sighs]
Hey! The floor's opened up!
Come on, you guys, let's go!
Right!
[NARRATOR] Goku may have
defeated the fearsome Yakon
in a flash, but the battle
is far from over!
A new challenge awaits,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Looks like we've made it
to the next round!
And speaking of,
I wonder how things are going
back at the tournament?
[MR. SATAN]
Hello! World Champion here!
Sheesh. It's like I'm
invisible all of a sudden.
Well don't count me out yet!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
[GOHAN] Say, has anyone seen
Trunks and Goten lately?
I sure hope they're all right.